[Music]
[Applause]
nine tips to become irresistible
attractive and popular do you consider
yourself attractive if the answer is yes
do you think others would agree now
attraction isn't just about physical
appearance it's also about the way a
person carries themselves in the world
the things they say what they do and how
they approach life's challenges being
attractive can help you make friends and
start dating you better at work and
increase your self-esteem do you feel
like you need a boost in any of these
areas if so just check out these 9 tips
to become much more attractive and
popular oh and don't forget that we've
got all kinds of helpful advice and
interesting facts here on the bright
side of life so hit that subscribe
button and ring the little bell to be
notified of all our daily uploads
alright now the laws of attraction
starting with number 9 say nice things
about other people it might seem pretty
obvious but if you want people to like
you you shouldn't gossip about them or
put them down
when you say negative things about
others whether you think they're true or
not you risk appearing overly judgmental
and flat-out mean if you call out
someone's fault when they're standing
right next to you then you'll seem out
of touch with their sensibilities it can
really put them down and create an
overall awkward situation for everyone
else in the room too for example maybe
your co-worker Mike can never get to
work on time and that affects the whole
team's work pace if Mike's horrible
punctuality comes up in conversation be
the one to mention how even though he's
constantly late mike is always the last
person to leave work every day focus on
people's positive qualities because
everyone has them and besides appearing
kind sensitive and charismatic to others
it's just a good idea to be sincere in
your positivity and
a good person number 8 be more
self-confident you can be talented smart
hard-working or possess any other
amazing qualities as a person but if you
lack self-confidence believing yourself
with the short end of the stick check if
this sounds like you when someone gives
you a compliment you respond with
phrases like nah it's not that big of a
deal you don't have to mention that or
that's not true if you're guilty of
rejecting others sincere praise then you
might be in the habit of reducing your
own accomplishments desirable qualities
or talents to appear more attractive you
need to start owning up to the things
that make you interesting and admirable
to others so next time a friend offers a
compliment practice responding with a
simple thank you
[Music]
number 7 look for the positive nobody
likes to have their mood brought down by
a negative Nelly I mean would you rather
be stuck in an elevator with a sour
individual that only sees the negative
and everything or with a positive person
who makes the best of the situation
emotions can be contagious and when
you're with a positive thinker chances
are some of their optimism and passion
for life will rub off on you those who
see the glass as half-full give the
sense that they've got their lives in
order are headed for success and are
generally happier they can make you feel
good through their attitude which is
extremely attractive imagine what will
happen when you start being more
positive not only will you feel better
about the challenges in your own life
you'll also attract people to you
remember that looking on the bright side
of life is a choice and anyone can do it
number 6 give support instead of
lectures if you want to become important
in someone's life then part of that
process involves showing empathy imagine
Jane is in need of some support so she
turns to 2 of her friends for advice
friend number 1 is immediately
judgmental tries to give advice by using
harsh words and points out all the ways
that Jane messed up
friend to offers to listen helps her
friend work through her problem and
offers advice only when asked in the
future who do you think Jane will call
next time she needs support no one likes
being told off as if they're a child
that's why people are attracted to those
who are attentive supportive and
non-judgmental if you're guilty of
lecturing others try focusing on
listening and validating next time
someone confides in you before long
you'll get a reputation as a great
listener and people will come to you and
they need help
number 5 unite people uniting people
requires a great amount of charisma
idealism and respect for others when you
think of people who can unite others
under a common cause they're usually
surrounded by admirers who look up to
them and find their ideas and values
attractive one thing to bring people
together shows you value harmony and
actually accomplishing this task
indicates that you have great leadership
skills don't get caught up thinking that
this is only reserved for politicians or
activists if for example two of your
close friends don't really get along try
to unify them since you probably know
these two people really well you can
find the one thing they have in common
there now you'll be able to hang out
together thanks to your problem-solving
skills
charisma and thus overall attractiveness
and trust me
this effort won't go unnoticed by others
number 4 develop your talents we can't
help but be attractive to people who are
constantly developing their talents
being around individuals with this level
of energy can be an electrifying
experience because chances are you'll be
inspired by their desire to move forward
would you be more attracted to someone
who's stuck in a rut or one who's
constantly moving ahead in life these
go-getters appear more attractive
because they seem experienced driven and
capable of anything they put their minds
to plus it's just way more interesting
to have a conversation with these types
because they always have something new
going on in their life so recognize what
you're good at and keep nurturing it
never stop setting goals
like a champ number three create a
comfortable atmosphere what are the
qualities of an attractive person is
their ability to create an atmosphere
where everyone feels comfortable if
you're hosting friends at your house
then that's a great opportunity to show
how you can ensure that everybody has a
good time when people feel comfortable
in your presence don't want to spend
time with you but what if you're the one
making others uncomfortable is there a
certain awkwardness you bring to any
sort of get-togethers let's say for
example you're at a restaurant was a
group of friends and they constantly
have to check how you're doing and if
you're having fun yeah this situation
probably won't give you any attractive
points others will see you as
disconnected standoffish or maybe even a
little rude so try to create an inviting
and chill atmosphere by being mindful of
your own behavior and taking an active
interest in other people's comfort
number two live life to the fullest when
you meet up with friends and they ask
you what's new do you usually have
nothing to respond with this sort of
goes back to having more interesting
conversations with people who develop
their talents and move forward in life
if your routine looks the same day after
day and same old same old in having a
chat with you people are attracted to
those with interesting jobs plans
relationships and hobbies if you don't
have any of these things or nothing new
is going on in your life then it sounds
like you might be stuck in a rut so put
yourself out there try new things take
up a course or workshop and develop
yourself it's not only about being
attractive to others you'll also gain
new knowledge and skills number one
create your unique style yes
attractiveness isn't just outward
appearance but that is a factor in it
too
depending on how you dress what makeup
you wear how your hair looks and your
personal hygiene you can send different
messages to others as to what your life
is a person even if the morning
messages aren't true while your close
ones already know how amazing you are
new people might judge you by your
appearance so it's important to be
mindful of your Luck's there's no need
to spend tons of money on expensive
brands or follow the latest fashion
trends just try to look neat clean and
dress for the occasion if you do this
others will see you as self-aware and
put together if your style is super
unique like if you have bright pink or
blue hair for example then it might help
you attract people that find your look
specifically pleasing so that you can
make new friends with like-minded
individuals so are you already following
any of these tips if not which ones do
you plan on trying what do you find
attractive in others let us know in the
comments below if you found this video
helpful then give it a like and share it
with someone you think will benefit from
it don't forget to click subscribe and
stand the bright side of life
[Music]